
h1. Cobweb v0.0.2

h2. Intro 

  Crawler that utilises resque jobs to perform the crawl allowing clustering of crawls and redis to perform caching of responses.  It currently requires redis on the same machine but will add options to specify redis server shortly. 

h2. Installation

Install crawler as a gem

bq. gem install cobweb

h2. Usage

h4. new(options)

Creates a new crawler object based on a base_url

  * options - Options are passed in as a hash,
  
    ** :follow_redirects - transparently follows redirects and populates the :redirect_through key in the content hash (Default: true)
    ** :redirect_limit   - sets the limit to be used for concurrent redirects (Default: 10) 
    ** :processing_queue - specifies the processing queue for content to be sent to (Default: ContentProcessJob) 
    ** :debug            - enables debug output (Default: false)
    ** :quiet            - hides default output (Default: false)
    ** :cache            - sets the ttl for caching pages, set to nil to disable caching (Default: 300)
    
bq. crawler = CobWeb.new(:follow_redirects => false)

h4. start(base_url)

Starts a crawl through resque.  Requires the :processing_queue to be set to a valid class for the resque job to work with the data retrieved.

  * base_url - the url to start the crawl from

bq. crawler.start("http://www.google.com/")

h4. get(url)

Simple get that obey's the options supplied in new.

  * url - url requested

bq. crawler.get("http://www.google.com/")


h2. License

h3. The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010 6Central Limited

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
